1.What will be your approach to solving this issue? Explain your strategy and approach to this.

ans- My approach to solving this issue would be to ask for an extension for Task 2, as it has a higher priority and a tight go-live deadline. I will prioritize this task and make sure that it is completed within the next 2 days, 
even if it means working extra hours or seeking additional resources.I will keep Task 1 as a lower priority and complete it after completing Task 2.

2.How will you inform the 2 separate account managers of both customers about yourapproach?
 Write an internal message informing Manoj (Account manager for Task 1) &Ravi (Account Manager for Task 2) about your respective approach.

 ans- To inform Manoj and Ravi, I would send the following internal message:

Subject: Update on Task 1 & Task 2

Dear Manoj & Ravi,

It's a pleasure connecting with you again. I wanted to provide an update on the status of Task 1 & Task 2. Due to a family emergency,
I won't be able to meet the original due date for both tasks for at least 3 more days.

I have decided to prioritize Task 2 as it has a higher priority customer. I will make sure that it is completed within the next 2 days. Task 1 will be completed after Task 2 is completed.

Please let me know if you have any questions or concerns.

Best regards,
Abhishek Patra


3.How will you communicate the delay of additional 3 days to the customer? (Write anemail to the customer informing them about this).

ans- To inform the customer about the delay, I would send the following email:
Subject: Delay in work Completion

Dear <Customer Name>,

I hope this email finds you well. I wanted to inform you that there has been a delay in the completion of the task due to a family emergency. 
I won't be able to meet the original due date for the task for at least 3 more days.
I understand the importance of this task for your campaign and I assure you that I am doing my best to complete it as soon as possible.
 I am working extra hours and seeking additional resources to make sure that the task is completed within the shortest time frame possible.

Please accept my apologies for the inconvenience caused. If you have any questions or concerns, please do not hesitate to reach out to me.

Best regards,
Abhishek Patra



